8⭐️  'LOOTERA' is poetry on celluloid!
10⭐️  A Bittersweet Romance painted on a Musical Canvas
10⭐️  A Masterpiece in every sense of the word ! :)
10⭐️  Motwane captures "Love" in his canvas of lens & reflects the pure beauty through Silence of its characters..
9⭐️  The Reason , Why I Love Romantic Movies.............
10⭐️  A superlative celluloid painting of love,betrayal & redemption
10⭐️  Lootera: Beautiful Art..
10⭐️  Main lead character is something else.
9⭐️  New age Bollywood: Old days charm
8⭐️  A moving painting with a big screen as its canvas.
9⭐️  Lootera : (Lo)ve (o)f (t)he (era)
8⭐️  Lootera is a fine movie... it's like reading a fine literary novel...
9⭐️  Lootera is a perfect evidence of being a great bollywood !!
10⭐️  Awesome experience
10⭐️  Masterpiece!
9⭐️  Lootera mostly unfolds in the eyes of their characters.
10⭐️  Subtlety - the biggest performer!
9⭐️  True Cinema
10⭐️  Finally a romantic movie worth falling in love with
10⭐️  Apt for the ones who love cinema in its PUREST form....
9⭐️  Lootera. An extraordinary tale of two people.
10⭐️  This is Vikramaditya Motwane's Masterpiece
8⭐️  Lootera : A Cinematic gem
10⭐️  I love it!
10⭐️  Magneficient, Beautiful, Lovely..!!
7⭐️  Must Watch For All Lovers of Bollywood Romances
7⭐️  Bollywood++.
7⭐️  Lootera is a masterpiece of heart wrenching pure romance. A piece of poetry on celluloid. Something rare in the bollywood of today
8⭐️  8.5 out of 10 for Motwanes LOOTERA { LOVED IT :) }
9⭐️  Bliss for Eyes
8⭐️  An art painted on the Canvas of the emerging Indian Cinema
10⭐️  Neatly Stitched
10⭐️  Truly amazed by everything I watched on the screen.
10⭐️  Simply awesome masterpiece
8⭐️  And I happened to fall in love with cinema..again..
10⭐️  its a gem...revolution in Hindi cinema!!!
8⭐️  Lootera mesmerizes, enchants and leaves you spellbound !!
8⭐️  it was a good one.
8⭐️  Poetry on celluloid
10⭐️  Amazing
8⭐️  Beautifully composed movie with a subtle touch of SILENCE
9⭐️  Such a Masterpiece !
8⭐️  A Beautiful Romance-Drama.
10⭐️  An unappreciated Masterpiece.
8⭐️  Phantom kept their promise for good cinema, yet gain.
10⭐️  A True Piece of Cinematic Art..MAGNETIC
8⭐️  Lootera...so subtle, so poetic!!!
9⭐️  love is more than a happy ending
9⭐️  Lootera is all about a renewed genre of storytelling, that needs that growth in you. Renewed because, its not new genre but has been revived.
8⭐️  Vikramaditya motwane has outdone himself and so has the cast
7⭐️  Lootera is a love story set in India of 1950s.
9⭐️  Poignant and Soulful
10⭐️  Brilliant film!!!
8⭐️  MY REVIEW: It steals with its beauty!!
7⭐️  Our Grand Parents Romance
7⭐️  Slow But Fantastic Movie
7⭐️  Would've thought it was brilliant, if it hadn't come from Mr.Motwane
10⭐️  Lots of promise, ruined by an uninteresting finale
10⭐️  Great acting and good story
9⭐️  This movie is simply a poetry in motion!
10⭐️  My review
10⭐️  Visceral. Evocative. Magnificent.
9⭐️  Mesmerizing Film !!
8⭐️  Like the words of a book!
10⭐️  Classic bollywood movie
10⭐️  Love, Emotions & Music .. thats all i need!!
8⭐️  For those enchanted by the embellishments of the past, for those who love romance and for those who love cinema this is a must watch.
10⭐️  Brilliant screenplay, visuals and cinematic delight
8⭐️  Inspired from O. Henry's "The Last Leaf", Lootera is the uplifting story of two lovers. Of heartbreak, betrayal and ultimate redemption.
9⭐️  Tears ar the end
10⭐️  Fell in love with this movie
9⭐️  A beautiful film that many overlook
8⭐️  The kind of romantic movies i'm into.
10⭐️  Lootera...a beautiful piece of period cinema
10⭐️  A love poem on celluloid.
9⭐️  A classic movie - we get to see movies like this rarely in India
8⭐️  beautiful story told in a near perfect way, surprising by Bollywood standards
9⭐️  One of the masterpiece of Indian cinema
9⭐️  A must watch !
9⭐️  Beautifully crafted!
9⭐️  Lootera - A wonderful display of love
7⭐️  Nostalgic experience of love and lust
9⭐️  Drop whatever you're doing and soak in this love saga.
10⭐️  Awesome
8⭐️  after a long time, a classic Hindi cinema...
9⭐️  Achingly beautiful...
7⭐️  Melancholic, but lyrical
7⭐️  Well-crafted but sluggish.
10⭐️  Average ...
8⭐️  Short Story Into Marvel... ♦ 76%
7⭐️  the last leaf will never fall...
7⭐️  Strong script with good acting!
8⭐️  Beauty in simplicity
7⭐️  Lootera - A little Slow, A little Dark, But Sweet & Romantic
8⭐️  The Last Leaf
8⭐️  A must watch Classic..
9⭐️  a very light-hearted romantic saga which should be cheered and adored for its stupendous performances , enthralling music and powerful direction. Go for it !!!
8⭐️  Like a cool breeze in summer....
